README.md, before:

# Tools for a Machine Learning Project

This repository is a compendium of notebooks and scripts to be used in my daily work for Machine Learning projects in particular, and for Data Science in general.

These tools have been written into Python programming languages. The necessary libraries are included in [environment.yml](https://github.com/jmquintana79/tools_mlproj/blob/master/environment.yml) to be installed using Anaconda.

## CONTENT:

### Notebooks

- Analysis
  - [Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA).](https://github.com/jmquintana79/tools_mlproj/tree/master/notebooks/analysis/EDA)
  - [Errors Analysis.](https://github.com/jmquintana79/tools_mlproj/tree/master/notebooks/analysis/errors)
  - [Fourier Analysis.](https://github.com/jmquintana79/tools_mlproj/tree/master/notebooks/analysis/fourier)
- Datasets: [sklearn2csv](https://github.com/jmquintana79/tools_mlproj/blob/master/notebooks/datasets/notebook-dataset-sklearn2csv.ipynb)
- Features Engineering:
  - [Features Selection.](https://github.com/jmquintana79/tools_mlproj/tree/master/notebooks/feature_engineering/selection)
- [Pipelines](https://github.com/jmquintana79/tools_mlproj/tree/master/notebooks/pipelines).
- Pre-processing:
  - Outliers:
    - [Outliers detection in 2D datasets.](https://github.com/jmquintana79/tools_mlproj/blob/master/notebooks/preprocessing/outliers/notebook-outliers_detection-2D.ipynb)
- Similarity Measures (Distances):
  - [Dynamic Time Warping (DTW).](https://github.com/jmquintana79/tools_mlproj/blob/master/notebooks/similarity/notebook-similarity_distance-Dynamic_Time_Warping-check.ipynb)

  ### Libraries:

Commit message:

update README with the step detector

README.md, after:

# Tools for a Machine Learning Project

This repository is a compendium of notebooks and scripts to be used in my daily work for Machine Learning projects in particular, and for Data Science in general.

These tools have been written into Python programming languages. The necessary libraries are included in [environment.yml](https://github.com/jmquintana79/tools_mlproj/blob/master/environment.yml) to be installed using Anaconda.

## CONTENT:

### Notebooks

- Analysis
  - [Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA).](https://github.com/jmquintana79/tools_mlproj/tree/master/notebooks/analysis/EDA)
  - [Errors Analysis.](https://github.com/jmquintana79/tools_mlproj/tree/master/notebooks/analysis/errors)
  - [Fourier Analysis.](https://github.com/jmquintana79/tools_mlproj/tree/master/notebooks/analysis/fourier)
- Datasets: [sklearn2csv](https://github.com/jmquintana79/tools_mlproj/blob/master/notebooks/datasets/notebook-dataset-sklearn2csv.ipynb)
- Features Engineering:
  - [Features Selection.](https://github.com/jmquintana79/tools_mlproj/tree/master/notebooks/feature_engineering/selection)
- [Pipelines](https://github.com/jmquintana79/tools_mlproj/tree/master/notebooks/pipelines).
- Pre-processing:
  - Anomalies:
    - [Outliers detection in 2D datasets.](https://github.com/jmquintana79/tools_mlproj/blob/master/notebooks/preprocessing/anomalies/notebook-outliers_detection-2D.ipynb)
    - [Steps detector in univariate timeseries.](https://github.com/jmquintana79/tools_mlproj/blob/master/notebooks/preprocessing/anomalies/notebook-steps_detection.ipynb)
- Similarity Measures (Distances):
  - [Dynamic Time Warping (DTW).](https://github.com/jmquintana79/tools_mlproj/blob/master/notebooks/similarity/notebook-similarity_distance-Dynamic_Time_Warping-check.ipynb)

  ### Libraries:
